added types of podManagementPolicy (#51511)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

enabled.
{{< /note >}}

#### PodManagementPolicy

> 

Reviewer: This should (eventually) have a `feature-state` shortcode.

> You can determine the order at which the pods are deleted by specifying the `.spec.PodManagementPolicy`

Reviewer: Early feedback
```suggestion
You can influence the order at which the pods are deleted,
using the `.spec.podManagementPolicy`
```
